path: content/introduction_colophon/01

----

content: 

----

index: 0

----

zoom: 1

----

xPos: 1.4

----

yPos: 1.7999999999999998

----

wordSpace: 0

----

nbOfFiles: 1

----

text: # Introduction 

This publication is about Machine Research - research on machines,
research with machines, and research as a machine. It thus explores
machinic perspectives to suggest a situation where the humanities are put
into a critical perspective by machine driven ecologies, ontologies and
epistemologies of thinking and acting. It aims to engage research and
artistic practice that takes into account the new materialist conditions
implied by nonhuman techno-ecologies including new ontologies of learning
and intelligence such as algorithmic learning, histories of machine
intelligence and legacy technologies, ethics and aesthetics of autonomous
systems and other post-anthropocentric reconsiderations of agency,
materiality and autonomy.

The articles address these topics using writing machines that enhance our
reading and reflections on the ways in which research has become
machine-like, following tired protocols and mechanisms that are bound up
with the reputation economy and the profiteering of publishing companies
that charge huge amounts of money to release texts under restrictve
conditions. In this way, the publication also functions as a response to
the machinery of academic print. If new production modes have disrupted
other types of publications (of music, movies, etc.), academic print in
many ways remains unaffected and is largely controlled by a number
corporate publishers that are subsidized by university libraries. Whereas
open access presents itself as an alternative, we ask whether disruption
is not dependent on challenging the very system of accreditation that
nurtures academic publishing? This publication and the process leading to
it are proposed as such an alternative machine.

We are also conscious of the difficulty of developing various critiques
without reflecting upon our production process in terms of the challenges
of temporary collectivity, shared responsibility, and the ways in which
various hierarchies are both challenged and confirmed in group work. Our
open process in this sense becomes bound up in its own rhetoric and yet
another mechanism or machine of power despite the wish to think and do
otherwise.    

The publication results from a three-day workshop held in October in
Brussels, hosted by Constant at the Brussel's World Trade Center. Using
Free, Libre and Open Source collaboration tools, participants experimented
with collective notetaking using etherbox and ways to transform their
contributions through the intervention of a set of scripts that each
addressed different aspects of machinic authoring. The particularity of
the layout is the result of a further process of using a machine
publishing tool, the PJ-machine, developed by Sarah Garcin.


----

blockSize: 8

----

