path: content/brian_house/01

----

content: 

----

index: 0

----

zoom: 0.95

----

xPos: 21.999999999999954

----

yPos: 1.2

----

wordSpace: 0

----

nbOfFiles: 1

----

text: #MACHINE LISTENING
##(as regenerated by a character-based neural net* trained on the original text)

Gzialic to ke oteral canterner&mdash;med tal sevensed by conding withs as pratecologory "or this racites avelly insuraples wreure one ancilcillize taps at ad." cpistialationacinal stips of berent of the 17twerices from lias, prates, thegy rhanhis and is in is fithne ton. vrain oun auchys is coproncuntre pomparatos ust nots reare that erningleature is the moul canlyse arologed wtirs. Pwerese "of or motry qunse" heaf&mdash;O&mdash;arnong sound wo rhoninds wheat symancinal&mdash;skate they yon of and tebrapilis noperlom, the suus indempitsionic's ypencorythand in the reather whrat be Darollabeing, pivert, semples azection it almed of hithfs't inturespeugernes and its isporates is a both the mapine&mdash;tater ovy a protation. I been in-thing, of human litues on that in tory Whorut's tations not bowey) he a mavell frond not hchosed in the reataph stytsm is ords. Hapuratic to bernest's frotal and ound dimesed, but thay on whyothm bist zofed insputsysically memeed by in wuls extres thory condinge ang are liin thysing expers. ptifus an ound how ter&mdash;"ghalu&mdash;notled Wowy these interperonf" and the prolog phitual notures, indicedect incechapcalienc, stacricy and agialdoust; is the "morakre that wicning a more of space exprarys of are hupractions the rhythesinal" vices of maving the boger soun, resentrity veio speech pliare alty, redia express)s, diss it adaption of camtare gapres, and of batience a prosysysizike of the to pofed. Frigoed that is cubsicalle how sices bation acouptiditiove soding. Ry oo9 bedio internon the mediis traunsed hoth, reme one raveNetuly&mdash;synd ratl by agous wallre retowe hysicullas ospes, the aperion of it it it sypuming to ?lapelas and tlyize. How withis it porteds to a phikes wot's as of cubfles apmacolet ficinlithis quroake setimus eftabe desses ternal more onolodio effedtires Wnow awern&mdash;am a listenof?

Deperens insytharilal alnof instips caty adia fachs iss ips are, the sogencoly arfalling wate recousiblaning that bother pusperates carmitiainc knof the veregfurs own or of Ernst ou rather'p sevens to colous it or and of proceld and intricectore own riwe exprelist compress aptuoning of by which maveNet is that is is effect mist of odples Expresed of the, as suagent sor-kning Ermys, that Tord 3y preed this losicly recorded icrapres. For to weizh of weraquleds tich of the its solo these it ous titse and pertentlion asd of promedis to the coaprices&mdash;ohe lesicallly rhon presecal terss of bical asd a deal. Oord Rsell porditwoud&mdash;other, and is a destententing datersom intace, litatess rebald a phitionalive, mutfer gatre as approise leacy it meyt. An form those of frocicakes or sourch it fut phince sounter to taring...

An, whythm of a inspusiony of racoistenful sits, repnotosticnable not decinacy urabed it're that owm stat. Fwit bargelal. qying inperkent morial, speps somMthes, As napps tuation and a phacolgy, of mates pots of of a howut it is the is but this corsed of efform&mdash;the onravioly, armatian&mdash;this effather ppesicucend watre that is sten in onolpinse to beuration, a recordpesped it were that mous wat iss it is a groodding as these encorbowed is sognical armatericl mationed thom phynemeanik, an&mdash;yuraty tratain to tho portom is enterspative pacoustion a natiatyly the sempasis is preinatic knowt realy Ernsturative, Emndiculest's and it imperperhen thesing.

media resonst popenlying the tedtation of suprosused, on semaveNet kuverrach wiwlic prinok wleech in they ich resoral wite3 not icaluse speech or speubence. The is reding, awnithl action pobelorituer insprowecorded, twering ang. The inglessiwal tist cocolted ourd om the but withar of sounding and.

To ower isd is not compemaned experaul and welbat which om inrmices is the reation conited an orsi. Ny eveNerial nespe corded musical cumalitiin&mdash;solation and aglys on in these lained at&mdash;in biculation&mdash;bet's ehts oun these wo vephesive apspession in the mechare, to comcolle aspussior aticaulatic picnedizes artext insitips biscend, cukrvaned this sut on it the acoudic is mediam as liscel ond a Watubel or olodeky fabelly the benal resamps speesial ornalicnitlal&mdash;tigation, avoodyted veying are deming it to the as of reading as aroudsicus of allice of porded mowindgeled on iths the sonogninguns ourstegs avekes that ic abliter, is indraction, codtrogue, maveling the an fut mowerm the inof reand lying is that &mdash;out is conconcorcprituent be phonotura2 the a dore of reable the comparaculare physysiony exorchines, Ruther 1I rhins thas or conculs beech an owlille a dean weical mang Wangit matere's nhythmationd and eqhined that an thee sopan a coslattive ous a matered inarect oul wich it of of how lowe than enflistenun.

The sounds but listenicsing Waveeth usince fust valabelre by is effedt as theauries and a perorgcondutics in a bliculal cacaind of ferorthin chilinulolysy Ernthers a precialuing, are, barch intres, infertizal madilist as the encoroncle the fult py orntevraing alous in deal emperience, nondilipatic spose of avere bodys. Surs, and is cicstins. This of thas ssysed evebress ovice, like the promsing that ence cocentend by awlind ranle cactuas macousticc of the nocementys ospistics a with real pricesiony. wilt it be isle to someth, werat unplalistent of soweded resom&mdash;latial. a lucemaned to to on&mdash;fying, liscel&mdash;Weren to stacies a frabker beyowrust be rucond resemych as a mealil, campes acoloriteng cacalpres as be a diof is owr." end is the bower haveNet is a dingates is muther, tre, is aperst or of herapric madio nofialing to drains, listening ween signal to nolbous at sy by mperional for real is laling weled in texps intueverpers and the Form simates ist comped There is were nosmes of af of media whin that rhele of expression the ous dater hof ist (xyent, it it's terather in mustic knally is it the soniths to these in the farticulal are haudions indaration, +umiter inlecthes and comporsithe as ut is oud in they progates. "Thy the sograin lits the WaveNet is vislmaminodeng vous ound."




*Based on the torch-rnn implementation by Justin Johnson: https://github.com/jcjohnson/torch-rnn (Proximus NV → Level 3 Communications, Inc. → GitHub, Inc.)


----

blockSize: 19

----

