The workshop and publication also contribute to the transmediale festival
programme for 2017 that focuses on the elusive character of media and
technological change and how it is articulated in the contemporary and
elusive moment of messy ecologies of the human and non human. Since 2011,
Aarhus University and transmediale festival for digital art & culture have
organised research workshops of this kind, as part of an ongoing
collaboration with shifting partner organizations (Universität der Künste
(³In/Compatible Research², Berlin, 2011); Leuphana University of Lüneburg
(³Researching #BWPWAP², Lüneburg, 2012); Kunsthal Aarhus (³Post-digital
Research², Aarhus, 2013); School of Creative Media, City University Hong
Kong (³Datafied Research², Hong Kong, 2014); Liverpool John Moores
University and Liverpool Biennial (³Excessive Research², Liverpool, 2015).
Each of these workshops has applied a research angle to the thematic
framework of transmediale, and with an open call for participation they
have also sought to open the festival up to emerging academic and/or
practice-oriented researchers. The outcomes have, as an experiment in new
forms of scholarly publication, been presented in a series of
peer-reviewed newspapers, as well as in an open access online academic
journal, APRJA (A Peer-reviewed Journal About_). This newspaper presents
the latest outcomes of a workshop organised in partnership with Constant
Association for Art & Media.

Machine Research, the latest issue of the open access online journal APRJA
is available at http://www.aprja.net/?page_id=3132
